and you guys how you doing super school
one away here once again giving you the
latest updates on the Olympics Mexico
two speeds brazil 2-0 in the world in
the olympic final and get to the gold
medal yay good for them that's pretty
much all i gotta say i just want
everybody everybody always keep telling
me to like my my my videos aren't very
good but i just want to tell you that
they're unscripted like I don't write a
script I don't have like a script for my
video so it's all like on the spot so
you got to give me credit for that I
mean people just don't give me enough
credit for the quality of my videos and
people say I don't put enough time I put
time into them you know like what am I
doing here I'm like here on a camera you
know I'm making these videos for you
guys and I mean I have a lot of fans but
also a lot of people I hate and so I
mean the fact that I still came out here
and do it just just shows the effort I
really really wish you guys would see
that a little bit more um and I don't
understand why people don't like my
videos like clearly I've been showing
some effort and you know some love for
the fans you know that's was all about
in the end yeah but that's pretty much
it summers almost coming to an end the
other big sub tomorrow be making more
videos on the tennis you know coming up
hope you guys will enjoy every second of
that I'm really going to be a yeah
looking forward to everything so mm-hmm
well uh that drops I just want to tell
you a little story that happened here
today yeah it's a little story of mine I
was walking down you know hidden Duncan
knows my buddy and we saw a dollar on
the ground and I saw it first but then
he saw it after that so I was like yo I
was looking at it you know and he was
also looking at it and it was like near
a car so I saw it first I didn't say
anything I was gonna I was walking
towards and they said yeah it's a dollar
on the ground and he said it was his and
I said it was mine and we're still
having we took the dollar but we're
still having the argument about who gets
that dollar so I need you guys to solve
this in the comments who gets the dollar
I don't know who will get it I think
it's me because I saw it first and I was
walking towards it I didn't call
anything out though so I don't know he
thinks it's him but I know you guys will
support me so give me that comment below
tell me what it is who gets the dollar
you very much for watching guys and we
gotta settle this arm it's a huge
argument big world news you know got to
put that there thank you very much guys